bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:612:40: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:920:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:116: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:936:117: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:949:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:965:49: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:965:50: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:965:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:965:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:972:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:981:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:987:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:992:54: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:992:55: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:992:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:992:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1002:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1010:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1016:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1027:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1028:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1032:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1037:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1043:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1065:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1076:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1096:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1106:66: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1106:67: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1106:97: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1106:98: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1109:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:53: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1136:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1137:28: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1173:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1174:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1196:58: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1196:59: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1198:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1206:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1206:63: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1206:86: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1206:87: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1214:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1219:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1228:61: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1228:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1236:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1264:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1270:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1272:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1277:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1279:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1305:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1311:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1313:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1318:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1320:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:48: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:70: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1326:94: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1336:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1339:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1345:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
bgc-dsl/bgclspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1358:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:627:40: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:934:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:116: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:117: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:963:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:49: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:50: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:986:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:995:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1001:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:54: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:55: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1016:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1024:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1030:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1041:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1042:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1046:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1051:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1057:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1079:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1090:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1110:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:51: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:105: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:106: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1129:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1130:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1131:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1132:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1136:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1137:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1138:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1150:33: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1150:34: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1162:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1163:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1164:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1177:33: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1177:34: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1179:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1180:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1181:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1182:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1183:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1199:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1201:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1207:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1208:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1241:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1244:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1245:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1259:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1268:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1278:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1284:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1299:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1305:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1316:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1317:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1335:65: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1335:66: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1337:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1338:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1353:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:51: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1357:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1358:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1359:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1389:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1390:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1412:58: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1412:59: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1414:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1438:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1439:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1441:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1443:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1445:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1462:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1463:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1464:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1467:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1469:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1471:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:63: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:86: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:87: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1484:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1489:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1498:61: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1498:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1506:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1534:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1540:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1542:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1547:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1549:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1575:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1581:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1583:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1588:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1590:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:48: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:70: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:94: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1606:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1609:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1625:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/dcllspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1628:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:627:40: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:934:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:116: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:950:117: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:963:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:49: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:50: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:979:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:986:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:995:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1001:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:54: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:55: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1006:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1016:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1024:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1030:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1041:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1042:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1046:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1051:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1057:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1079:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1090:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1110:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:51: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:105: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:106: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1129:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1130:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1131:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1132:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1134:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1136:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1137:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1138:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1150:33: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1150:34: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1162:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1163:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1164:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1177:33: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1177:34: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1179:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1180:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1181:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1182:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1183:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1199:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1201:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1207:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1208:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1241:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1244:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1245:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1259:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1268:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1278:18: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1284:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1299:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1305:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1316:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1317:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1335:65: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1335:66: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1337:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1338:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1353:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:51: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1355:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1357:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1358:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1359:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1389:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1390:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1412:58: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1412:59: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1414:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1438:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1439:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1441:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1443:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1445:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1462:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1463:10: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1464:22: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1467:39: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1469:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1471:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:63: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:86: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1476:87: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1484:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1489:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1498:61: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1498:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1506:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1534:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1540:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1542:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1547:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1549:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1575:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1581:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1583:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1588:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1590:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:48: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:70: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1596:94: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1606:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1609:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1615:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1625:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
cp-dsl/conflspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1628:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:579:40: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:917:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:116: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:933:117: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:946:88: E721 do not compare types, for exact checks use `is` / `is not`, for instance checks use `isinstance()`
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:962:49: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:962:50: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:962:72: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:962:73: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:969:34: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:978:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:984:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:989:54: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:989:55: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:989:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:989:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:999:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1007:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1013:31: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1024:17: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1025:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1029:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1034:36: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1040:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1061:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1072:14: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1092:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1119:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1120:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1127:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1140:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1148:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:33: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:34: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:48: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1152:79: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1154:28: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1157:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1158:38: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1161:51: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1165:25: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1181:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1189:32: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:66: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:67: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:97: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:98: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:124: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1194:125: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1197:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1198:28: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1222:53: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1222:54: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1224:28: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1243:52: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1243:53: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1243:77: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1243:78: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1245:27: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1267:26: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1268:21: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1290:58: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1290:59: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1292:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1300:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1300:63: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1300:86: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1300:87: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1308:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1311:30: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1320:61: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1320:62: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1328:24: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1356:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1362:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1364:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1369:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1371:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1397:33: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1403:16: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1405:19: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1410:20: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1412:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:48: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:70: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1418:94: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1428:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1431:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:46: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:47: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:68: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:69: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:92: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1437:93: E252 missing whitespace around parameter equals
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1447:15: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/symboltable/symbol_table.py:1450:23: E225 missing whitespace around operator
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:14:161: E501 line too long (249 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:23:161: E501 line too long (200 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:25:161: E501 line too long (476 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:26:161: E501 line too long (265 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:27:161: E501 line too long (440 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:36:161: E501 line too long (347 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:37:161: E501 line too long (476 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:40:161: E501 line too long (341 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:41:161: E501 line too long (195 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:42:161: E501 line too long (191 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:50:161: E501 line too long (561 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:59:161: E501 line too long (293 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:61:161: E501 line too long (362 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:62:161: E501 line too long (490 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:63:161: E501 line too long (302 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:64:161: E501 line too long (343 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:65:161: E501 line too long (1105 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:66:161: E501 line too long (376 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:67:161: E501 line too long (530 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:71:161: E501 line too long (286 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:73:161: E501 line too long (444 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:74:161: E501 line too long (302 > 160 characters)
tdd-dsl/tddlspserver/other/halstead_complexity.py:75:161: E501 line too long (521 > 160 characters)
